    "He came down from the mountain कैलाश in hope of starting his जात्रा.
    Thinking he still had fans in जहन्नुम." said grandfather as he started telling the story.

    "Whenever he needed food कल्कि helped. When he wanted to sleep, he slept under the sky."

    "Didn't they have મચ્છર in those times?"

    "Are you kidding? This epoch had some of the most vicious મચ્છર. He would smite them whenever he felt like there were too many. But here and there few મચ્છર always got fat. It was not because of the મચ્છર but because he just did not care."

    "Whoow!" replied the kid with awe.

    "He walked almost 1600kms. And reached ગિરનાર. He was bit tired from his journey so he thought he will stay in a [धर्मशाला.md]. He asked the security guard of the first धर्मशाला he could find:
        "Hey, Can I get a room for few hours? I am waiting for my friends and then we want to climb ગિરનાર." said भोला with childlike innocence.
    ." grandpa let out a small sigh for the thing that was coming next.

    "What happened grandpa?"

    "The security guard asked:
        "What is your caste?"
    "

    "That's so sectarian." the kid replied with a hint of digust.

    "Don't be so quick to judge now. They had an outdated version of sectarianism at that time. In fact, Our protagonist got confused as to which caste would get him into धर्मशाला as he really wanted to take some rest."

    "Haha!! That's so sneaky."

    "So he went:
        "I am ક્ષત્રિય."
        "I am sorry but we don't allow rooms to bachelors." replied the guard.
        "May I know why, Sir?" asked भोला as he really wanted to take some rest.
        "It's a rule kid. I can't do anything about it."
        "If it's a rule, its fine. May I know where I can find another धर्मशाला?" भोला said gathering his things from the ground.
        "You will find lots of धर्मशाला if you go upto the mountain side." the guard replied with a bit of scorn.
        भोला confused by the response he got, Started walking towards the mountain. He saw few धर्मशाला and inquired an uncle sitting at the gate:
        
        "Can I get a room Sir?"
        The same question echoed from the uncle: "Which caste?"
        भोला said: "I am ક્ષત્રિય."
        "Ahh sorry. You will have to go to the ક્ષત્રિય धर्मशाला down the road."
        "Yeah, I already asked them. They don't give room to bachelors."
        "Yeah. We also don't give rooms to bachelors." the uncle replied with a bit of scorn.
        भोला turned into रूद्र saying: "And what if I was a મોચી?"
        "Well, They have a धर्मशाला on that side."
        "And what if I was a ब्राह्मण?"
        "Well, They have a धर्मशाला down there." replied the uncle pointing to a spot downhill.
        "And what if I was a કોળી?"
        "Well, They have a धर्मशाला on that side." at this point the uncle had started getting a bit frustrated so भोला left him be thinking that this guy just won't get it.
    " grandpa took a sip of water as he finished the intense dialogue.

    "That's it? What happened next?"

    "Well, He did not get any rooms that day. So, he sat at a small stall and ate some ગાંઠિયા. His friends arrived in another 4 hours or so and then they started climbing ગિરનાર."

    "But did he take any rest or not?"

    "I don't know. Some say he never returned from ગિરનાર. Some say he went back to कैलाश."

-- The End.